and you know that this is night of
evaluations as well as at school how
Do you think that it was good for you?
hey , let's see what they say
health status today if there has been a
noticeable improvement in tuning
extremely hard worker i can not i
I did not put those that you are a good child
distracted had happened on the floor
where the very low our days without
learn their song I have lazy
study how much I want it if 4 it came
this of what gave you laziness when I
you gave to the song today and to win
then you have to study a lot
a lot is being created not just a
singer is recreating artists
artists in all types of garbage
he wants to be an artist
approximately he is giving results
and the public loves it
and you want to be an artist, they said your
teachers that you have to apply with your
studies but they also say that there
Many people who love you want to see
who
and here to the family of saura jorge ávila
all your beautiful family that can
be in the academy here some advice
for the judges because they value him well
that is a little boy who is learning
and that the values because it's a
winner
day how the rope is heard
shadow of what I value of how many people
supports you and is listening to you run
and if your first patients
imagine and have fans until soon
Imagine if you were not surprised to see
so many people who are supporting that voice
Well, how is it going to surprise you?
how did you stay with the square eye with
So many people supporting your little one and you
also surprised me I did not know that
they had made a truncheon saw how cute
They are very happy and very pretty
comforting and I know that Guadalajara
enter is supporting esaú because he has done
a great job here at the academy that
thank you very much very kind thank you or
meaning for Qatar you go to position if
forward show thanks to oliva
tonight we will sing the theme you
I want from the formerly called nigga now
flowers
no me
I do not know
and I say live
and I think that what is yours is rap
another alicia villarreal I say that what
he is the whole scenario all that he
want to make it perfect is that
is small and this song is left to you
As you sing divine sings there
to work hard always and you have
done very well
I personally look at it and have a
great future in front of you is one more
He keeps throwing a lot of desire because
you are going to go up
of the arts
is love
who is an artist who is forming
just like you had a difficult week
I'm made by what I got to see
a little bit because of the panic face that the
final you forgot how much the
under is that you have all without help
truth in borriol and warnings at the end of
the song that happened
eskenazi the terminal and the strict the
problem because of the scary face that follows
it's good
that
I have a lot of confidence in what you do
but a lot in you
I like to see you on stage and I
you make the day but you can not trust
that's why I'm going to give you a milestone
ears and you know what a milestone of
ears
red face health
alicia and has been through anime more
little one and work a lot
but I'm going to give
what are you going to give him is still the taste you are the
smaller where you can trust
you have to keep throwing him lots of
you want to pay attention to the teachers that
mouth
and by ignoring
is skillful
It is acute to be waiting for the
final decision but 6 something told you what
practice and this is going to do what
get it worth it right no more
overtaking
well here